Merry Christmas!
What a marvelous Christmas Eve!
Yes, February means Christmas, all right!
Happy New Year!
Yes, a new year is upon us!
Tackle your studies and your assassination alike with renewed enthusiasm!
Best Wishes for the New Year Best Wishes
for the New Year Best Wishes for the New Year
Now, then... Best Wishes for the New Year Best Wishes
for the New Year
Time to laze the day away.
Where's he going with all this?
So you're trying to take all the fun year-end events you missed out on and cram them into February?
Ah! Exactly right!
Our one and only winter break together, and not a single one of you came to visit!
And you were so earnestly worried and trying so hard on my behalf
that it didn't feel right for me to invite you over.
It was a dumb thing to fret about when we were all so bummed out.
Well, with all that behind you, now's the perfect time!
We'll take back the winter break we lost—all at once!
Korosensei's living life as frantically as ever.
But it's already February. The time when everyone has to think about their future.
We each have to figure out where we're going before we say goodbye.
With just thirty-two days left before graduation day—
and the deadline for assassinating Korosensei.
tonikaku mou chotto matte tonikaku mou chotto matte
"Wait, just hang on a sec!"
sakebi mo munashiku kiete sakebi mo munashiku kiete
I scream, but it gets me nowhere
boku wa tadatada semaru limit
I put all my strength into being afraid
zenryoku obietetan da zenryoku obietetan da
Of the limits that just keep on closing in
genjitsu to wa youshanakute genjitsu to wa youshanakute
Reality is merciless Reality is merciless
toku ni jikan wa yabai ne toku ni jikan wa yabai ne
And time is especially tricky
sorenashi ja nemurenai blanket ubawareteku no ni niteru
It's like someone's snatching away my security blanket
taai mo nai imi mo wakannai taai mo nai imi mo wakannai
We laughed and fretted We laughed and fretted
koto de warattari nayandari koto de warattari nayandari
Over silly things, nonsensical things
saigo no chaimu narihibikeba
Once the final bell rings out tanoshii toki mo owaru
tanoshii toki mo owaru The fun times will be over, too
The fun times will be over, too Assassination
Classroom
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no manabi wo kaban ni tsumekonde
365 days' worth of lessons shoved into bags
itsumo mitai ni mata ashita teki ni
Like always, as though we'll see each other tomorrow
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no dekigoto
365 days' worth of happenings
boku wo otona ni shita nara namida nante mise mo shinaide
If you've taught me how to be an adult, don't be showing me tears
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no omoide
365 days' worth of memories 365 days' worth of memories
32 Days Till Deadline to Assassinate Korosensei
motto otona ni nattemo motto otona ni nattemo
Even if I grow up some more Even if I grow up some more
sukoshi mo iroasenai sa sukoshi mo iroasenai sa
They won't fade one bit from my mind
20th Period Okano Hinata Valentine's Day Time
Future plans, eh?
What high schools are you guys going to?
Some place a little less competitive to give us breathing room.
Korosensei taught us the fundamentals through senior year—
high school can be all about honing our techniques.
Must be nice. We're really pushing ourselves.
"If you're going into media, you need a solid academic record!"
Or so I've been told.
You sound nothing like him!
Where are you headed, Karma?
Ah, I'll stay at Kunugigaoka.
Huh?
You mean you'll take the entrance exam all over again?
I figured you'd try for something better.
I mean, you could get into the best high schools around.
Put yourself in the main-campus students' shoes.
How'll they feel when the guy they thought they'd chased away is back—
and standing head and shoulders above them?
I can't wait to spend three whole years rubbing it in their small-time faces.
You're as charming as always, I see.
Besides,
there are better schools in terms of average academic ability,
but only Kunugigaoka has students who'd be fun to take on
in one-on-one academic showdowns.
I'll have no problem getting the job I'm after,
so I figure I've got time to slow down and enjoy a battle or three.
That's so you, Karma.
You've got your dream school, right, Nagisa?
Uh-huh.
Not to mention Kayano, Sugino,
and everyone else...
It's almost time to say goodbye.
We're each going our own way.
My top pick is Keisetsu University's prep school.
It's crazy tough, but it's the best shortcut for getting into the college Mom wanted to send me to.
After college, though...
With these odd, anachronistic talents of mine,
I'm not sure what I can be, or even what I want to be.
But everyone else is figuring it out.
Nagisa? Nagisa!
I said, I finished the workbook!
Sorry, Sakura-chan.
What're you zoning out for?
There you were, vowing that you'd teach me everything I needed
to march right back into school this term, and now what?
It wasn't a vow, exactly.
More like a hopeful goal.
Hmm. So you're pondering your future?
Junior-high kids have it rough.
I don't even know what I want to be.
What is there?
I mean, apart from being a teacher?
Ever since I met you, that's what you've been to me.
A... teacher?
And if you don't wanna be a teacher, I could let you be my boyfriend!
It took her saying it for me to realize: people look up to those who change them.
Like a child whose life is saved by a doctor wanting to follow in his footsteps...
Like a boy bewitched by beautiful skills longing to be an assassin...
I looked up to that teacher of ours.
But... Private; Kunugigaoka Junior High Shiota Nagisa
Keisetsu U. High School Exam Admission Ticket
Examinee No.
Name:
Current School Private; Kunugigaoka Junior High
Shiota Nagisa Keisetsu U. High School Examinee No.
Exam Admission Ticket Examinee No.
Current School Exam Admission Ticket Examinee No.
Private; Kunugigaoka Junior High Shiota Nagisa
Keisetsu U. High School Examinee No.
Current School Shiota Nagisa
Private; Kunugigaoka Junior High Shiota Nagisa
Keisetsu U. High School Exam Admission Ticket
Examinee No.
Current School Exam Admission Ticket Current School
Current School Exam Admission Ticket
Exam Admission Ticket Name:
Shiota Nagisa Exam Admission Ticket Examinee No.
Private; Kunugigaoka Junior High Shiota Nagisa
Current School Shiota Nagisa Keisetsu U. High School
Current School Examinee No.
Current School Shiota Nagisa Exam Admission Ticket
Current School Exam Admission Ticket
Current School Name:
Exam Admission Ticket Examinee No.
Shiota Nagisa Examinee No.
Current School Exam Admission Ticket
Shiota Nagisa Keisetsu U. High School
Current School Keisetsu U. High School
Current School Shiota Nagisa Name:
Current School
Hey, who are they?
A student's family?
Go, go, Nagisa! Yay!
Wh-What's with this indistinct mob of giants?!
They're overshadowing our cram school's famous joint send-off!
Wh-What the heck are you doing, Korosensei?!
Cheering you on, of course!
How could I not be there for my dear student's big moment?
Eeeyikes! Is that the time?
Hurry, hurry! Hurry up!
I've got to pop in on Kimura-kun, Kanzaki-san,
Chiba-kun, Hayami-san, and Hara-san
all within the next four minutes!
Show 'em what you've got!
Up, up, and awaaay!
I could never be a teacher like that.
The last career counseling session is at the end of February, after all our entrance exams.
I have until then to make up my mind.
For now, I'll focus on the target before me!
Assassination Classroom Final Season Kayano Kaede
Why so antsy, Okajima?
Oh, uh, nothing.
Valentine's chocolates? For shame.
N-No, it's nothing like that!
Gross.
Rude much? I bet you're only giving out cheap stuff bought in bulk anyway!
I-I beg your pardon?!
Oh my, oh my!
And just who might those be for?
Wh-What do you mean?
It's just a formality!
Th-They could be for anybody!
Oh? And here I was sure you were giving them to this guy here.
Forgive me! Please forgive me!
Hiding her true feelings with those ace acting skills...
I don't think even Korosensei has realized what's been happening with Kayano-chan.
Yet ever since that kiss,
she's been unable to hide her feelings for Nagisa— she's practically cowering in them.
If we put these two together...
...we can tease two birds with one stone.
We'll be getting ourselves a new toy!
He doesn't have a great self-image.
Probably can't even imagine a girl having a crush on him.
In fact, he feels sorry about the incident, thinking he did something bad to you.
If you don't set him straight, he may never understand how you really feel.
I mean...
I've acted love tons of times and studied it and stuff,
but when it comes to the real thing, I have no experience at all!
Like, what expression should I make when I give him the chocolates?
Well, let's do some recon.
Time to put all that covert training to work.
Sugino & Kanzaki Sugino & Kanzaki
m 317 316 l 990 316 990 482 317 482
Yesss! Yesss!
I'm glad you're so happy.
The recipient, Sugino, is insanely overjoyed,
but the giver, Kanzaki-san, is calm.
Likely given as a formality, no more.
His "insanely overjoyed" is scary as heck.
Chiba & Hayami Chiba & Hayami
m 317 316 l 990 316 990 482 317 482
Wow.
Your accuracy's dead on, even with chocolate bits.
Here's the rest, as promised.
Thanks.
Respect. Let's keep it up.
Yep.
The firing distance between them is one of a kind, all right.
I can't imitate that... and I can't even tell if her gift's the real deal.
Terasaka's Gang Terasaka's Gang
m 317 316 l 990 316 990 482 317 482
I put real care into making these.
Checklist Saw ancestor's ghost Heard voices
Heart discomfort Misfortune befell relative
Sudden urge to eat raw meat
Sudden urge to stab somebody, anybody
Attracted to the dark Attracted to boys more than girls
Obsessed with how to commit suicide
in a way such that the body won't be discovered
so as not to inconvenience people Checklist
Saw ancestor's ghost Heard voices Heart discomfort
Misfortune befell relative Sudden urge to eat raw meat
so as not to inconvenience people
And they come with a love letter. I'll be waiting for your answer.
"Care"? You put a curse on these, you mean!
Checklist Saw ancestor's ghost Heard voices
Heart discomfort Misfortune befell relative
Sudden urge to eat raw meat
so as not to inconvenience people
Guess she got the drop on me.
And I had Okuda-san make me a batch to leave in Terasaka's shoe locker and everything.
Bonus Case Bonus Case m 30 35 l 478 35 478 107 30 107
Cyanidation complete!
What's with all these folks abusing chocolates behind the scenes?!
Isogai & Kataoka Isogai & Kataoka
m 317 316 l 990 316 990 482 317 482
Whoa!
SUPER VALUE SET SUPER VALUE SET SUPER VALUE SET
Commercial Chocolate Commercial Chocolate
All this, for me? Are you sure?
Share them with your brother and sister, okay?
It's bulk commercial stuff from an ultra-cheap supermarket.
Took me four hours by bike there and back.
Right before the entrance exams? Are you gonna have enough time to study?
No sweat. I've still got time before the exam for my first choice.
Huh?
I'm aiming for a public school. The same one as you.
You are? I hope we both get in.
Yeah.
See?
Everyone has their own whys and hows for this.
Shouldn't you just say what you want to say in your own way?
Yeah. Thanks, you two.
Now, the problem here...
is how infuriating it is to be watched by that gossipy octopus.
A couple, a couple! Let the good times roll!
Leave him to me.
Kayano-chan, did you bring the you-know-what?
Huh? Oh, yeah.
That ought to lock down Korosensei for us.
Go have a good time giving him that chocolate.
Okay.
Where's my chocolate?! I must have something!
Someone musta hid it on the mountain!
Just you watch, Nagisa! I refuse to end this day empty-handed!
Kayano?
What's wrong?
You're being so quiet.
Oh, no... My heart's thumping so hard I can't think!
How should I look? What should I say when I give him this?
H-Hey, uh, Nagisa...
Have you figured out your future plans?
Well, I kind of have an idea of what I want to be,
but right now I'm really not sure if I can do it.
A teacher, probably.
I've seen him look admiringly at Korosensei—
not as a super-organism or an assassin, but as a teacher.
I bet he'll give his answer at the month-end career counseling.
Huh?
That's Korosensei up in that tree.
He's engrossed in something or other.
Out of range, huh?
Guess he's not about to make himself a sitting duck.
Oh, that's right.
I've come to love that face of Nagisa's, looking straight ahead.
I was spared from complete emptiness
after losing my family and my revenge
because Nagisa killed me.
Because the honest bloodlust of this killer toward me
filled the void in my heart with warmth.
So with what face—with what words—do I give him this?
Nagisa?
Thank you for staying by my side this whole year.
Here!
For me?
Yep!
B-But, I mean, I'm the one who should be thanking you.
Okay, mission accomplished! Well done!
See you tomorrow!
Hope you get into that school!
Uh, yeah...
Right now, Nagisa is looking straight ahead.
Being next to him, I shouldn't distract him.
But I do want to do something to thank him,
so I'll use my sharpest blade—my acting—
to cheer him on with my very best smile.
To kill yourself for someone else at the moment of truth...
That part of her is a lot like Yukimura-sensei.
Ah, how noble.
No way can I poach from someone so admirable.
Say what?
Nothing.
And more importantly...
What, exactly, has Korosensei so enthralled?
Oh, I got Kayano-chan to leave a certain photo along with some chocolates and a note in an obvious location.
To Korosensei From my sister
To Korosensei From my sister A photo?
If I'd known it'd work so well, I'd have used it in an assassination.
A top-class dinner on Valentine's Day...
I should have expected such thoughtfulness from you.
I've heard men have to give back threefold on White Day next month.
I'll accept no less than triple the length and girth,
Ka-ra-su-ma.
I'm out.
Huh?
Hey, wait! Wait! Stay and eat!
Regular-sized is just fine!
I'll even make do with fun-sized!
Such low-class company for such a high-class place.
Here. It's from Hinano.
She asked me to give it to you,
since you're barely at school anymore.
Once I see an opening, he's mine!
Or so she said.
She's reading too much into us. We're not even dating.
And the others?
There were more chocolates than I'd thought, both obligatory and heartfelt.
Maybe some of them thought it might turn out to be their last Valentine's Day on Earth.
And? What about you?
How's the assassination going?
"The probability's down to one percent! Hooray!"
Like it'll end there.
So that's why she booked us a private room at a trustworthy establishment.
Yes. I was planning to talk to you about that.
My main job now is simply to provide guidance to the E Class,
so they won't bring me into the loop until the moment of truth.
But...
There's no doubt that the powers that be are moving forward with a tremendous assassination project.
To see it again like this... it's just amazing.
Can this really kill him?
With this weapon, it's not a matter of whether it can.
What's crucial is just how smoothly and how smartly it'll do the job.
A brutally gorgeous figure for such a virtuous mind...
Not very commendable, seeing one of our teachers laid low by a single swimsuit snapshot.
Mr. Principal, sir! Where'd you come from?!
There are problems with your work attitude.
I'll be cutting your salary this month.
Have mercy!
Yukimura-sensei, was it?
A shame we had to lose such talent.
She had an inexhaustible vitality and such passion for teaching.
Given a few more years, she would have been an outstanding instructor.
Indeed.
By the way, I hear there's a chance your life may be saved.
If so, would you care to follow in her footsteps and teach here next year as well?
Your artificial-looking expression and physique are well-suited to teaching at this isolated campus.
I'm flattered. Knowing your policy of judging teachers purely on aptitude
without being led astray by sentiment or one's past,
a request for me to stay is the best report card I could hope for.
Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book
But I've decided that this will be my last year at the blackboard.
Roll Book
And after that?
Who knows? Perhaps I'll sail around the world.
Having you for a rival made this school truly enjoyable for me.
I really must thank you again.
That's too bad.
You turned me down before I could bribe you.
Now that I think about it... I rule this school from the top,
while you and Yukimura-sensei supported your students from the bottom.
That might just be my educational ideal.
By the way, how's your son?
Ah, he's putting together a ruling hierarchy for high school.
At this rate, he'll have the whole place under his thumb within the year.
Truly a remarkable young man.
Oh, he's not quite there yet.
There's no end to the ways in which he's still lacking.
You know, Karasuma,
I think it might not be so bad if the world were destroyed.
For the kids, anyway.
If they can't kill him, they'll be left with these nagging feelings of frustration and loss.
Worse, if their teacher were killed in some huge assassination
that was out of their league and beyond their control...
Or if they were made to witness their mentor's cruel and painful death
at the hands of some conflicted assassin...
I'm frankly frightened.
The frustration, the powerlessness, the trauma...
No matter how it turned out, such an experience would warp those kids' futures.
I don't want to see those blameless brats turn into adults with twisted hearts.
Irina.
Once this job is over, quit.
You're not cut out to be an assassin.
What did you say?
Your emotions run too deep.
They've grown fatally so this past year.
If you feel such emotion for your students,
it'll only make any future jobs that much harder.
A stiff like you can blow it off easily enough,
this life I've desperately built for myself...
I've killed a lot, you know.
There's no going back to a place in the sun—
not with these ten sin-stained years behind me.
Every experience is a tool that can clear your way to the future.
It was none other than those students who taught me that.
There's no need to worry about them.
No matter what difficulty they may face,
the experience they've gained through assassination
will nourish them as they find their own answers.
Irina, come work for us.
I'm sure your experience will be put to good use in peacetime too.
The Intelligence Department won't ask about your past.
There, you can save more people than you've killed
and pray for your victims at the shrine every morning.
That's enough.
Shrine?
I'm technically a Christian, you know.
And I have no family in Japan.
Don't you get it? There aren't any churches near my house.
Whaaat?!
Wait, Karasuma! What are you saying?!
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
Just what I said.
B-But a man and a woman living under one roof is so...
immoral!
Live alone, then.
No! I'll do it! I'm coming!
Wait up! Karasuma!
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoi ga boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto wasurezu ni iru yo zutto wasurezu ni iru yo
But I'll hold your memory in my heart
mata kimi ni aeru hi made mata kimi ni aeru hi made
Until the day I can see you again